Israel is preparing to invade Gaza a
week after suffering its worst attack by
Palestinian fighters in living memory
the Israeli Army is massing heavy
weaponry and thousands of troops on the
Gaza
border artillery batteries have been
pounding the densely populated
Palestinian territory air strikes have
completely destroyed entire
neighborhoods in Gaza killing more than
2,000 Palestinians Hamas Fighters
continue to fire Rockets into Israel
most are intercepted by Israel's air
defense system known as the Iron
Dome more than 300,000 Israeli Army
reservists have been mobilized ahead of
a possible operation and morale seems
high we will
win we will win we will liate Israel's
leader says this is just the
start we are striking as our enemy with
unprecedented
I emphasize this is just the beginning
our enemies have only begun paying the
price and I won't detail what is yet to
come but I tell you that this is only
the beginning this is just a small
proportion of a vast Israeli military
buildup north of Gaza much of the
military equipment that we've seen
gathering in this area has now moved on
to what we suspect could be a more
forward operating position in a closed
military
zone since hamas's surprise military
operation against Israel on October the
7th the Israeli Army has struggled to
stop more Palestinian gunmen
infiltrating from the Gaza
Strip the Israeli military says soldiers
went into Gaza on Friday night and
retrieved the bodies of several Israelis
believed to be among the estimated 150
people taken captive their relatives are
demanding the Army do more to find out
where Hamas is holding other men women
and children to prevent them getting
caught in crossfire when an expected
ground Invasion starts Charles traford
Al jazer yimu Southern
Israel make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer